Highlight DAG examples in README (#695)
astronomer/astronomer-cosmos: README.rst

Quickstart
__________

> Check out the Quickstart guide on our `docs <https://astronomer.github.io/astronomer-cosmos/#quickstart>`_. Explore our powerful features with simple examples at `/dev/dags </dev/dags>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the Quickstart guide on our `docs <https://astronomer.github.io/astronomer-cosmos/#quickstart>`_. See more examples at `/dev/dags <https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-cosmos/tree/main/dev/dags>`_.
```
